![The Carpentries Logo](https://software-carpentry.org/img/TheCarpentries.png)
# :memo: Instructor Development Subcommittee Meeting :file_folder:

__Date:__ 2019-06-17

__Time:__ 16:00 & 22:00 UTC

## :raised_hand: Attending
* Sarah Stevens (1st)
* Kari Jordan (1st)
* Tobin Magle (1st and 2nd)
* Marco Chiapello (1st)
* Zac Painter (2nd)

***

## Agenda 
- Welcome, Introductions, and [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)
- Mentoring Program
- Discussion Sessions
- Project Ideas
    +This idea came from a pre/post workshop discussion: Resources that are missing from instructor notes include resources for how to learn more after the workshop. Pointing people to local groups as a resource as well is missing from the instructor notes. There may be interest groups for Unix that talk about Shell stuff. HPC groups. Python groups, etc.


### How to get more people to attend this meeting:
- Invite folks personally
- Mention in Discussion sessions
- Look through the discussion session reporting form for ideas and people to invite

### Mentoring Program:

3 mentoring groups ( 3 mentors, 11 mentees )
Marco sent email with matching of the groups
Kari sent Marco onboarding video from youtube and is available with questions
Next the group will be onboarded soon
applications close 14? or 16th
Sarah Q: do they have specific topics that they talk about?  Kari: Yes, they indicate topics
Schedule: https://github.com/carpentries/instructor-development/blob/master/mentoring-groups/2019-2020-schedule.md

### Discussion Sessions:

How do we engage more instructors who are pre/post workshop?
Martin used to send personalized emails whenever there were new workshops coming up or just finished
Revised these to make them more personalized and wanted to send them more often,  check in with Martin?
Tobin: I always make sure to tell those who are there to come back, when they are pre/post workshop.
Tobin: Encourage our local community to do online debriefs +1
Project idea: Review how many hosts we have and whos actually hosting to get folks who aren't hosting involved (or find out why and address those issues) and onboard new hosts
Related project: Look though forms to find ideas for committee meeting topics and projects

### Project Ideas:
Updating instructor notes : This idea came from a pre/post workshop discussion: Resources that are missing from instructor notes include resources for how to learn more after the workshop. Pointing people to local groups as a resource as well is missing from the instructor notes. There may be interest groups for Unix that talk about Shell stuff. HPC groups. Python groups, etc.
Review all the instructor notes, make recommendations for what we want, call for collaboration for improving these notes
Call for people to help review
Also get the maintainer community on board
Marco says there is a mentoring group interested in becoming maintainers and they might be helpful for this project
Quick links for disscusion session hosts: Leadership committee should go through the discussion session forms and put together a document that answers commons questions, or updates the handbook as needed
How to keep people involved after the workshop: Work on materials and testing out different ways to engage learners after the workshop for instructors
Figuring out ways to train instructors in lessons they don't know, so they can teach them.
Skill up sessions - w/mentoring groups
Self learning followed up by a Q&A with instructor(s) who have taught it before - discussion sessions - have maintainers sit in too to hear the common issues
Practice teaching the lesson that you don't know as well

Project Ideas:
    - Look though forms to find ideas for meeting topics and projects

## Action items:
- Sarah: Send April a message about getting maintainers on board with instructor notes project
- Sarah: write out strawman plans for implementing some of these activities
